Refrigerator Essentials Fridge Overview &amp; Top Tips

Upgrade the centerpiece of your kitchen, the refrigerator!

Keep it Cool – Refrigerators

We&rsquo;ve come a long way since the days of the icebox, so there is a lot more to consider when choosing a new refrigerator. What size works for your kitchen? Do you need a larger freezer? Do you want it to be smart? The right fridge will provide you with the perfect amount of space for all your food prep and storage needs.

TIP: ADJUSTABLE SHELVES will provide you with the perfect configuration for your items, but don&rsquo;t forget capacity. As a general rule, allow 4-6 cu. ft. of space per adult in your household. 

What&rsquo;s Your Refrigerator Style? 

There are three basic models to consider before purchasing a new fridge. 

Bottom Freezer  
http://www.searshometownstores.com/Refrigerators-Freezers/French-Door-Refrigerators
	Offers easy access to fresh foods at eye level
	Freezer is typically 1/3 of total size
	Freezer is located below the refrigerator section
	Available in single door or French door models
	3-,4-, and 5-door models are available 
	Easy access to fresh-food compartments

Side-by-Side  
http://www.searshometownstores.com/Refrigerators-Freezers/Side-by-Side-Refrigerators
	Fridge and freezer section are equal in size
	Good for narrow spaces or galley style kitchens
	More freezer capacity than other configurations

Top Freezer 
http://www.searshometownstores.com/Refrigerators-Freezers/Top-Freezer-Refrigerators
	Traditional and reliable
	Comes in a wide variety of sizes
	Offers the most storage space for its size
	Freezer at eye level

TIP: MEASURE YOUR SPACE BEFORE YOU SHOP. Account for at least an extra inch of space around the top, sides and back of where the refrigerator will go for proper ventilation. 

The Bells and Whistles – Refrigerator Features

	In-Door Ice/Water Dispenser
Forget about replacing your Brita filter or those annoying ice trays with this convenient feature.
	Smart Technology 
Write your grocery list or check to see what you&rsquo;re low on with a Wi-Fi enabled touchscreen like Samsung&rsquo;s The Family Hub&trade;.

	Dual Cooling System
Separate cooling systems for the Refrigerator and Freezer keeps temperatures stable and food at its freshest.

	Energy Saving Models
Use a minimum of 20% less energy a year than traditional models, which in turn saves you money on utility bills.

	Finish
Keep your kitchen stylish with stainless steel, black stainless, metallic, slate, black or white!

	Shelves
Come in wire or glass options for a classic look or easier clean up.

	Door-in-Door Storage
A separate, outer compartment for easy access to drinks or other snacks of choice.

	Air-Filtration
Added filter that works with air circulation to filter out smells and keep your food fresh.

	Temperature/Humidity Control Drawers 
Allows you the ability to customize temperatures for the food you buy in order to keep it fresher, longer.

TIP: SAVE YOURSELF MONEY AND TIME by organizing your fridge in a way that makes sense for your grocery buying habits. If you keep all the dairy products in one space, you&rsquo;re less likely to lose that sour cream in the back that might go moldy without your notice.

Desserts with Less Work – Yummy, No-Bake Recipes

Do you have a sweet tooth? Use your fridge to whip up these quick and easy, no-bake recipes. Less time, less mess and instant success with just a mixing bowl and your refrigerator. Berry Fridge Cake and Ready in a Pinch Chocolate Refrigerator Cookies are yummy! 

How-To: Create an Amazing Fridge Gallery on Non-Magnetic Stainless Steel 

Believe it or not, not all fridges are magnetic anymore - but don&rsquo;t let that stop you from proudly displaying your pictures and notes. Our DIY Fridge Gallery ideas will help you keep your favorite memories and memos in full view. 

Ready to learn more about fridges? Read our buying guide. Ready to shop fridges? We have unbeatable prices on the best brands available. 
